.PHONY: run geth-lighthouse geth-nimbus geth-lodestar geth-prysm geth-teku charon run-charon-lighthouse run-charon-nimbus run-charon-lodestar run-charon-prysm run-charon-teku run-k8s-pf-lighthouse run-k8s-pf-nimbus run-k8s-pf-lodestar run-k8s-pf-teku clean

# Define the composite step
geth-lighthouse-charon-lighthouse: geth-lighthouse charon run-charon-lighthouse
geth-lighthouse-charon-lodestar: geth-lighthouse charon run-charon-lodestar
geth-lighthouse-charon-teku: geth-lighthouse charon run-charon-teku
geth-lighthouse-charon-nimbus: geth-lighthouse charon run-charon-nimbus
geth-lighthouse-charon-prysm: geth-lighthouse charon run-charon-prysm

geth-lodestar-charon-lighthouse: geth-lodestar charon run-charon-lighthouse
geth-lodestar-charon-lodestar: geth-lodestar charon run-charon-lodestar
geth-lodestar-charon-teku: geth-lodestar charon run-charon-teku
geth-lodestar-charon-nimbus: geth-lodestar charon run-charon-nimbus
geth-lodestar-charon-prysm: geth-lodestar charon run-charon-prysm

geth-teku-charon-lighthouse: geth-teku charon run-charon-lighthouse
geth-teku-charon-lodestar: geth-teku charon run-charon-lodestar
geth-teku-charon-teku: geth-teku charon run-charon-teku
geth-teku-charon-nimbus: geth-teku charon run-charon-nimbus
geth-teku-charon-prysm: geth-teku charon run-charon-prysm

geth-nimbus-charon-lighthouse: geth-nimbus charon run-charon-lighthouse
geth-nimbus-charon-lodestar: geth-nimbus charon run-charon-lodestar
geth-nimbus-charon-teku: geth-nimbus charon run-charon-teku
geth-nimbus-charon-nimbus: geth-nimbus charon run-charon-nimbus
geth-nimbus-charon-prysm: geth-nimbus charon run-charon-prysm

geth-prysm-charon-lighthouse: geth-prysm charon run-charon-lighthouse
geth-prysm-charon-lodestar: geth-prysm charon run-charon-lodestar
geth-prysm-charon-teku: geth-prysm charon run-charon-teku
geth-prysm-charon-nimbus: geth-prysm charon run-charon-nimbus
geth-prysm-charon-prysm: geth-prysm charon run-charon-prysm

geth-lighthouse:
	rm -f planprint
	kurtosis run --enclave kurtosis-geth-lighthouse github.com/ethpandaops/ethereum-package --args-file ./network_params_geth_lighthouse.yaml > planprint-kurtosis-geth-lighthouse
	@echo "Waiting for 10 seconds..."
	@sleep 10

geth-nimbus:
	@echo "WARNING: Nimbus BN requires Charon to enable feature json_requests"
	@read -p "Press enter to continue"
	rm -f planprint
	kurtosis run --enclave kurtosis-geth-nimbus github.com/ethpandaops/ethereum-package --args-file ./network_params_geth_nimbus.yaml > planprint-kurtosis-geth-nimbus
	@echo "Waiting for 10 seconds..."
	@sleep 10

geth-lodestar:
	rm -f planprint
	kurtosis run --enclave kurtosis-geth-lodestar github.com/ethpandaops/ethereum-package --args-file ./network_params_geth_lodestar.yaml > planprint-kurtosis-geth-lodestar
	@echo "Waiting for 10 seconds..."
	@sleep 10

geth-prysm:
	rm -f planprint
	kurtosis run --enclave kurtosis-geth-prysm github.com/ethpandaops/ethereum-package --args-file ./network_params_geth_prysm.yaml > planprint-kurtosis-geth-prysm
	@echo "Waiting for 60 seconds... don't skip the wait"
	@sleep 60

geth-teku:
	rm -f planprint
	kurtosis run --enclave kurtosis-geth-teku github.com/ethpandaops/ethereum-package --args-file ./network_params_geth_teku.yaml > planprint-kurtosis-geth-teku
	@echo "Waiting for 60 seconds... don't skip the wait"
	@sleep 60

charon:
	mkdir -p data
	./run_charon.sh
	./promtoken.sh

run-charon-lighthouse:
	docker compose up node0 node1 node2 vc0-lighthouse vc1-lighthouse vc2-lighthouse prometheus -d

run-k8s-pf-lighthouse:
	kubectl port-forward cl-1-lighthouse-geth 14001:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lighthouse > /dev/null 2>&1 &
	kubectl port-forward cl-2-lighthouse-geth 24001:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lighthouse > /dev/null 2>&1 &
	kubectl port-forward cl-3-lighthouse-geth 34001:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lighthouse > /dev/null 2>&1 &

recreate-k8s-pods-lighthouse:
	kubectl apply -f vc-1-geth-lighthouse.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lighthouse
	kubectl apply -f vc-2-geth-lighthouse.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lighthouse
	kubectl apply -f vc-3-geth-lighthouse.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lighthouse

run-charon-nimbus:
	mkdir -p data/nimbus/vc{0,1,2}
	docker compose up node0 node1 node2 vc0-nimbus vc1-nimbus vc2-nimbus prometheus -d

run-k8s-pf-nimbus:
	kubectl port-forward cl-1-nimbus-geth 14003:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-nimbus > /dev/null 2>&1 &
	kubectl port-forward cl-2-nimbus-geth 24003:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-nimbus > /dev/null 2>&1 &
	kubectl port-forward cl-3-nimbus-geth 34003:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-nimbus > /dev/null 2>&1 &

recreate-k8s-pods-nimbus:
	kubectl apply -f vc-1-geth-nimbus.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-nimbus
	kubectl apply -f vc-2-geth-nimbus.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-nimbus
	kubectl apply -f vc-3-geth-nimbus.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-nimbus

run-charon-lodestar:
	mkdir -p data/lodestar/vc{0,1,2}/{caches,keystores,validator-db}
	docker compose up node0 node1 node2 vc0-lodestar vc1-lodestar vc2-lodestar prometheus -d

run-k8s-pf-lodestar:
	kubectl port-forward cl-1-lodestar-geth 14002:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lodestar > /dev/null 2>&1 &
	kubectl port-forward cl-2-lodestar-geth 24002:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lodestar > /dev/null 2>&1 &
	kubectl port-forward cl-3-lodestar-geth 34002:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lodestar > /dev/null 2>&1 &

recreate-k8s-pods-lodestar:
	kubectl apply -f vc-1-geth-lodestar.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lodestar
	kubectl apply -f vc-2-geth-lodestar.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lodestar
	kubectl apply -f vc-3-geth-lodestar.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-lodestar

run-charon-prysm:
	docker compose up node0 node1 node2 vc0-prysm vc1-prysm vc2-prysm prometheus -d

run-charon-teku:
	docker compose up node0 node1 node2 vc0-teku vc1-teku vc2-teku prometheus -d

run-k8s-pf-teku:
	kubectl port-forward cl-1-teku-geth 14000:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku > /dev/null 2>&1 &
	kubectl port-forward cl-2-teku-geth 24000:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku > /dev/null 2>&1 &
	kubectl port-forward cl-3-teku-geth 34000:4000 -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku > /dev/null 2>&1 &

recreate-k8s-pods-teku:
	kubectl apply -f vc-1-geth-teku.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku
	kubectl apply -f vc-2-geth-teku.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku
	kubectl apply -f vc-3-geth-teku.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku
	kubectl apply -f vc-1-geth-teku-service.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku
	kubectl apply -f vc-2-geth-teku-service.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku
	kubectl apply -f vc-3-geth-teku-service.yaml -n kt-kurtosis-geth-teku

exit-lighthouse:
	./lighthouse/exit.sh 0
	./lighthouse/exit.sh 1
	./lighthouse/exit.sh 2

exit-nimbus:
	./nimbus/exit.sh 0
	./nimbus/exit.sh 1
	./nimbus/exit.sh 2

exit-lodestar:
	./lodestar/exit.sh 0
	./lodestar/exit.sh 1
	./lodestar/exit.sh 2

exit-teku:
	./teku/exit.sh 0
	./teku/exit.sh 1
	./teku/exit.sh 2

clean:
	-docker compose down
	-kurtosis enclave stop local-eth-testnet
	-kurtosis enclave rm local-eth-testnet
	rm -rf node*
	rm -f planprint
	rm -rf keystore
	rm -rf testnet
	rm -rf charon-keystore
	rm -rf charon-keys
	rm -rf .charon
	rm -rf data
